Now in this topology I'm not using genus 3 genus 3 and Sysco viral do not currently support spam.
So what I'm using are physical Cisco routers which are connected to twenty 950 physical Cisco switches
which in turn are connected to 30 750 Cisco switches.
I've got a PCI connected to the 30 750 switch and it's running wire shock and we'll use it to capture
traffic from the network.
Now I'm going to demonstrate in a moment that when traffic is sent from Rod a 1 2 rod a 2.
In other words unique cost.
Traffic such as pings or telnet or sent from router 1 to Rod add to the traffic will be sent to the
first 29 50 which in turn will be sent to the first 30 750 which in turn will be sent to the thirty
seven fifty two switch and that will continue until the traffic arrives at about a.
Thus capturing P.S. will not have visibility of unit cost traffic because when the MAC address table
of switch one is populated it's simply going to switch the traffic from this interface to for example
this interface to forward the traffic directive to traffic is only going to be sent out of this interface
if it's sent to unknown unique cost addresses multicast addresses or broadcast addresses or specifically
sent to this capturing device.
So the capturing device will have no visibility of traffic sent from router 1 to write it 2 unless we
enable span or port of monitoring on the 30 750 switch.
Sol firstly demonstrate that traffic sent from Rado want to write it to is not received by the capturing
P.C. and then will configure span on the switch so that the P.C. is able to capture the traffic using
Y shock.